#Written with Eu4 Easy Province Creator by emiroercn
#Cilicia
owner = SYP
controller = SYP
culture = armenian
religion = coptic
base_tax = 9
base_production = 8
trade_goods = wool
base_manpower = 6
capital = "Cilicia"
is_city = yes
extra_cost = 26
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = western
add_core = SYP
hre = yes
add_core = SYR
add_core = CIL
