#Written with Eu4 Easy Province Creator by emiroercn
#Ingulseer
owner = CRI
controller = CRI
culture = crimean
religion = orthodox
base_tax = 2
base_production = 1
trade_goods = wine
base_manpower = 2
capital = "Ingulseer"
is_city = yes
extra_cost = 26
center_of_trade = 2
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = western
add_core = CRI
