#Written with Eu4 Easy Province Creator by emiroercn
#Avaria
owner = AVR
controller = AVR
culture = avar
religion = jewish
base_tax = 2
base_production = 2
trade_goods = wool
base_manpower = 2
capital = "Avaria"
is_city = yes
extra_cost = 26
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = western
add_core = AVR
